# Conflict Identification using Sent2Vec

In this approach, we use sentence embeddings to compare norm embeddings and identify conflicts between them.
We use sentence embeddings to represent textual sentences into latent vectors that maintain syntactic and semantic information.
In order to identify conflicts between norms, we generate an offset vector containing the conflict meaning.
By conflict meaning, we mean that we generate a latent vector containing values that represent conflicts between norms.
Using such offset, we can compare it to the difference between two norm embeddings and, given a threshold, indicate whether both norms are conflicting or not.

### Sent2Vec

In order to generate the embeddings for norm sentences, we use the sent2vec proposed by Pagliardini et al. and better described in their [repository](https://github.com/epfml/sent2vec).
We use the weights from Wikipedia provided by the authors to setup the sent2vec model.
Then, we convert each contract norm into an embedding representation.


### Offset Creation

In order to create an offset containing the norm conflict meaning, first we need a set of conflicting norm pairs.
As dataset, we use our manually generated conflicts (available [here](https://zenodo.org/record/345411#.WutwDnUvxhF)).
The process consists of three main steps:
    
1. Convert each norm into a latent vector using the sent2vec model;
    
2. Subtract the vectors from each norm conflict pair resulting in a new latent vector; and

3. Take the average vector from all subtracted vectors and consider this our offset.

This resulting offset preserves the difference between conflicting norms, which, in other words, is the conflict meaning.


### Norm Conflict Identification

Given a sent2vec model, a generated offset, and a threshold, to identify norm conflicts we follow a two-step approach:

1. Subtracts vectors from two different norms (generated by using our sent2vec model); and

2. Compare the difference with the offset vector and check if it is below the threshold, if so, it is a conflict!


### TODO: Add our accepted paper on IJCNN 2018